h1. Docufuckr

h2. It Fucks Your Docs In The Ass (tm)

Docufuckr is intended to provide a layer of functionality on top of a
repository of generated documents (such as RDoc or YARDoc), allowing
contribution of comments, tags, examples, ratings, tracking revisions, etc.

h3. Planned Functionality

We plan to provide functionality similar to the following:

* takes a path to documents as config
* wraps up these in pretty requests (RESTful-ish?)
* allow comments on each method / class / file
* display conents of file for file listings (syntax highlighted)
* quick links for filing bugs and feature requests (from specific methods)
* separate comments from examples?
* collapse questions/answers?
* comments marked as question/answer/other(default)?
* support diffs between revisions of docs?
* rate a chunk of documentation as needs improvement and accurate etc,
  gets reset when changed to allow reevaluation
* track what methods/classes have been updated recently (feed-like)
* track changes of docs with Git?

This list is just a prilimary scribbling of ideas.

h3. Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2008 Matt Todd.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
